This is a Quadcopter Arduino Drone. I made its frame from popsicle sticks and foam, not using certain measures or anything just made sure that both sides are equal and that the propellers of each motor wouldn't hit each other. The main microcontroller is an Arduino Mega board. It is hooked up to an HC-05 Bluetooth module that receives input from the Bluetooth serial monitor app on my phone. It is also connected to an MPU-6050, an IMU sensor to measure tilt, which is crucial for this project. Then we have the brushless motors, which have 3input wires: one positive and one negative, and one signal. These wires connect to the ESCs, which control the speed of the motors; each one of the wires could be whatever, but their order differs in the direction. So I made sure that the front left and the right back spun the same as each other, and the same for the 2 others. This cancels out torque, which helps in flying. Then the 3 wires coming out of the ESC are one red for positive power, one black for ground,d and 2 wires, one brown and one orange. The red and black power wires were connected to the power distribution board, which was connected to a lithium polymer 11.1 V 2200 mAh 3-cell battery with 30c. Then the other 2 wires, the orange, were connected to an Arduino pin, while the brown was ground for the signal pin, meaning it had to be connected to a ground from the Arduino or a breadboard connected to the Arduino ground, and that the grounds would be parallel with each other, meaning they were electrically connected. This goes for all the motors. The Mega was then powered with a pack of lithium-ion batteries. 

Now the system worked so that the HC-05 would take orders from my phone and the Mega would process that and does i requested, maybe as in fly upwards. Then the motors would work with the set speed I wanted, and that was controlled through the Mega outputting to the ESCs; then, in the air, the IMU sensor would sense any tilt, and the Mega would process that and would tell what each motor's speed of spinning should be to counteract the tiltness os tha it wouldn't fall. 

Something I would do differently next time is to 3d print the frame and test it out first on platfroms to ensure that it would work.
